action adventure exploration elements
survival
these are the ingredients but in the end
emotions are the main dish served
from the last of us the masterpiece of
naughty dog released in 2013 exclusively
on playstation 3
the emotions experienced and then transmitted to
player from joy the delhi the two
protagonists of the game and this is the
their story set in a future post
apocalyptic where humanity has been
kneeling by an infection who
gets sick becomes a deformed monster
bloodthirsty
and the few survivors kill themselves in
affair to contend for food and ammunition
of the basic auction was the tribute of
naughty dog ​​at the playstation generation
and it is also the title of his debut
on the next gen ps 4 this edition
remastered does not touch anything in history
which has won millions of players
we therefore find the single player that already
we knew with third-person view
where you can advance in the game
mainly controlling joel
solving puzzles cooperating with the
collecting items to build weapons
improvise in a mix of action and theft
life then there is the multiplayer part
competitive also this unchanged with
three methods for a maximum of 8
players then the deal came out on
ps3 which are not to be bought here at
part ie left behind to play e
strictly after completing the
main plot is that tells the
story of eli and her friend riley e
then abandoned territories that instead
adds four maps and the part
multiplayer
what the sector has changed instead
technician rightly suited to a
debut on next gen
the native resolution is now full hd
1080p while the framerate goes from 30 to
60 fps almost stable but is present
an option that allows you to delete the
variations in fluidity by blocking the
framerate at 30 fps
in this case also increases the
detail of the shadows in our opinion
however it is much better to enjoy
fluid powder at 60 fps so to speak
variables
obviously the quality of the
textures and images have a clean
is an unknown definition and the
ps3 version the world of the last of us
come to life like never before thanks
to the power of ps4
and always icing on the cake on the disc
of play the making of the comments of
producers and actors and a level
of additional difficulty and hyper
Realistic for players looking
a real challenge to those who saw quaestor
master as a mere operation
commercial we want to remember that ps4
it is not backwards compatible with ps3 and many
users passed to the next gen e
playstation from other consoles not
they would never have had a chance to play
this title is a title that is addressed
clearly to them to new users who
can get their hands on one of the
best videogame productions in
circulation if not the best in
absolute while for those who already had it
played and finished the simple remains the
chart does not justify the expense for
the purchase of this Roman edition